samples: cellular: modem_shell: Add overlay for throughput testing (#29365)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/modem_shell/README.rst

Reviewer: This is no longer sufficient, you need to use one of the snippets or add the trace RAM partition in another way.
There is a separate section called `nRF91 Series DK with modem trace flash backend support`  Not sure what is going on with the naming convention here but maybe make this a specific `Modem traces over UART` section with the example build command using the snippet.

Author: Updated the documentation to mention trace snippets.

   [00:00:08.553,009] <dbg> ntn: ntn_location_set: lat: 61.493777, lon: 23.775916, alt: 147.2 m, validity: 12 s
   [00:00:13.555,145] <dbg> ntn: ntn_location_set: lat: 61.493779, lon: 23.775901, alt: 147.3 m, validity: 12 s

.. _performance_testing:

Performance testing
===================

For data throughput testing, the modemlib TX buffer size should be increased for maximum throughput.

> Two snippets are available for the nRF91 Series DKs to increase the buffer size:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For data throughput testing, increase the modemlib TX buffer size for maximum throughput.
The following two snippets are available for the nRF91 Series DKs to increase the buffer size:
```

* ``nrf91dk-perf-test``: Increases the modemlib TX buffer size to 22 kB.

> * ``nrf91dk-perf-test-modem-trace-uart``: Increases the modemlib TX buffer size to 22 kB and enables modem tracing over UART.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``nrf91dk-perf-test`` - Increases the modemlib TX buffer size to 22 kB.
* ``nrf91dk-perf-test-modem-trace-uart`` - Increases the modemlib TX buffer size to 22 kB and enables modem tracing over UART.
```

.. note::

>    The ``nrf91-modem-trace-uart`` snippet can not be used together with the ``nrf91dk-perf-test`` snippet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You cannot use the ``nrf91-modem-trace-uart`` snippet together with the ``nrf91dk-perf-test`` snippet.
```
